🩹 Billing: Misc improvements (#662)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/billing.md

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/billing-dark.png"/>
</div>

Any feedback or support request related to billing is welcome at **billing at huggingface.co**.

## Invoicing

> HuggingFace paid services are billed in arrears, meaning you get charged for monthly usage at the end of each month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugging Face paid services are billed in arrears, meaning you get charged for monthly usage at the end of each month.
```

> We usually send invoices for a month around the 5th of the month after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We send invoices for a month around the 5th of the following month.
```
